README.md, before:

# Notable ([DOWNLOAD](https://github.com/fabiospampinato/notable/releases))

<p align="center">
  <img src="resources/demo/main.png" alt="Notable" width="500">
</p>

The markdown-based note-taking app that doesn't suck.

I couldn't find a note-taking app that ticked all the boxes I'm interested in: notes are written and rendered in GitHub-flavored Markdown, no WYSIWYG, no proprietary formats, I can run a search & replace across all notes, notes support attachments, the app isn't bloated, the app has a pretty interface, tags are indefinitely nestable and can import Evernote notes (because that's what I was using before).

So I built my own.

## Features

```
/path/to/your/data_directory
├─┬ attachments
│ ├── foo.ext
│ ├── bar.ext
│ └── …
└─┬ notes
  ├── foo.md
  ├── bar.md
  └── …
```

- **No proprietary formats**: Notable is just a pretty front-end for a folder structured as shown above. Notes are plain Markdown files, their metadata is stored as Markdown front matter. Attachments are also plain files, if you attach a `picture.jpg` to a note everything about it will be preserved, and it will remain accessible like any other file.

- **Proper editor**: Notable doesn't use any WYSIWYG editor, you just write some Markdown and it gets rendered as GitHub-flavored Markdown. The built-in editor is [CodeMirror](https://codemirror.net), this means you get things like multi-cursor by default. If you need more advanced editing features with a single shortcut you can open the current note in your default Markdown editor.

- **Indefinitely nestable tags**: Pretty much all the other note-taking apps differentiate between notebooks, tags and templates. IMHO this unnecessarily complicates things. In Notable you can have root tags (`foo`), indefinitely nestable tags (`foo/bar`, `foo/.../qux`) and it still supports notebooks and templates, they are just special tags with a different icon (`Notebooks/foo`, `Templates/foo/bar`).

Upon first instantiation, some tutorial notes will be added to the app, check them out for more in-depth details about the app and how to use it.

## Comparison

[![Click to Enlarge](resources/comparison/table.png)](resources/comparison/table.png?raw=true)

Part of this comparison is personal opinion: you may disagree on the UI front, things I consider bloat may be considered features by somebody else etc. but hopefully this comparison did a good job at illustrating the main differences.

## Demo

### Editor

<img src="resources/demo/editor.png" alt="Editor" width="750">

### Multi-Note Editor

<img src="resources/demo/multi_editor.png" alt="Editor" width="750">

## Contributing

If you have an idea, or you have found a problem, please open an [issue](https://github.com/fabiospampinato/notable/issues) about it.

If you want to make a pull request, or fork the app, you should:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/fabiospampinato/notable.git
cd notable
npm install
npm run svelto:dev
npm run iconfont
npm run tutorial
npm run dev
```

## Related

- **[enex-dump](https://github.com/fabiospampinato/enex-dump)**: Dump the content of Evernote's `.enex` files, preserving attachements, some metadata and optionally converting notes to Markdown.
- **[Noty](https://github.com/fabiospampinato/noty)**: Autosaving sticky note with support for multiple notes without needing multiple windows.
- **[Markdown Todo](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fabiospampinato.vscode-markdown-todo)**: Manage todo lists inside markdown files with ease. Have the same todo-related shortcuts that Notable provides, but in Visual Studio Code.
- **[Todo+](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fabiospampinato.vscode-todo-plus)**: Manage todo lists with ease. Powerful, easy to use and customizable.

## License

MIT © Fabio Spampinato

Commit message:

Readme: added a link to the raw version of the tutorial notes

README.md, after:

# Notable ([DOWNLOAD](https://github.com/fabiospampinato/notable/releases))

<p align="center">
  <img src="resources/demo/main.png" alt="Notable" width="500">
</p>

The markdown-based note-taking app that doesn't suck.

I couldn't find a note-taking app that ticked all the boxes I'm interested in: notes are written and rendered in GitHub-flavored Markdown, no WYSIWYG, no proprietary formats, I can run a search & replace across all notes, notes support attachments, the app isn't bloated, the app has a pretty interface, tags are indefinitely nestable and can import Evernote notes (because that's what I was using before).

So I built my own.

## Features

```
/path/to/your/data_directory
├─┬ attachments
│ ├── foo.ext
│ ├── bar.ext
│ └── …
└─┬ notes
  ├── foo.md
  ├── bar.md
  └── …
```

- **No proprietary formats**: Notable is just a pretty front-end for a folder structured as shown above. Notes are plain Markdown files, their metadata is stored as Markdown front matter. Attachments are also plain files, if you attach a `picture.jpg` to a note everything about it will be preserved, and it will remain accessible like any other file.

- **Proper editor**: Notable doesn't use any WYSIWYG editor, you just write some Markdown and it gets rendered as GitHub-flavored Markdown. The built-in editor is [CodeMirror](https://codemirror.net), this means you get things like multi-cursor by default. If you need more advanced editing features with a single shortcut you can open the current note in your default Markdown editor.

- **Indefinitely nestable tags**: Pretty much all the other note-taking apps differentiate between notebooks, tags and templates. IMHO this unnecessarily complicates things. In Notable you can have root tags (`foo`), indefinitely nestable tags (`foo/bar`, `foo/.../qux`) and it still supports notebooks and templates, they are just special tags with a different icon (`Notebooks/foo`, `Templates/foo/bar`).

Upon first instantiation, some tutorial notes will be added to the app, check them out for more in-depth details about the app and how to use it. You can also find the raw version [here](https://github.com/fabiospampinato/notable/tree/master/resources/tutorial/notes).

## Comparison

[![Click to Enlarge](resources/comparison/table.png)](resources/comparison/table.png?raw=true)

Part of this comparison is personal opinion: you may disagree on the UI front, things I consider bloat may be considered features by somebody else etc. but hopefully this comparison did a good job at illustrating the main differences.

## Demo

### Editor

<img src="resources/demo/editor.png" alt="Editor" width="750">

### Multi-Note Editor

<img src="resources/demo/multi_editor.png" alt="Editor" width="750">

## Contributing

If you have an idea, or you have found a problem, please open an [issue](https://github.com/fabiospampinato/notable/issues) about it.

If you want to make a pull request, or fork the app, you should:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/fabiospampinato/notable.git
cd notable
npm install
npm run svelto:dev
npm run iconfont
npm run tutorial
npm run dev
```

## Related

- **[enex-dump](https://github.com/fabiospampinato/enex-dump)**: Dump the content of Evernote's `.enex` files, preserving attachements, some metadata and optionally converting notes to Markdown.
- **[Noty](https://github.com/fabiospampinato/noty)**: Autosaving sticky note with support for multiple notes without needing multiple windows.
- **[Markdown Todo](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fabiospampinato.vscode-markdown-todo)**: Manage todo lists inside markdown files with ease. Have the same todo-related shortcuts that Notable provides, but in Visual Studio Code.
- **[Todo+](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=fabiospampinato.vscode-todo-plus)**: Manage todo lists with ease. Powerful, easy to use and customizable.

## License

MIT © Fabio Spampinato
